hey guys in this video I actually wanted
to do a little review of iowa's ever
give you guys some impressions and I'll
show you some of my favorite things
about iOS 7 I'm not gonna do a full
review but basically just give you a
little idea of what it is and what
you're looking forward to if you want to
install iOS 7 beta so I've been using it
for almost two weeks and I gotta say
it's a beautiful interface a lot has
been improved but basically my
impression is that it's iOS 6 with a new
skin and new functionality and that's
pretty much it still the same
restriction there are many new things to
experience
it's basically iOS 6 with a new look and
a few new features now if you're
thinking of installing iOS 7 beta 1 I
would maybe hold off until beta 2
because beta 1 is a bit unstable right
now I have been using it as my main
phone firmware for a while and it's
great however it does crash often it
doesn't play well with many applications
from the App Store because they haven't
been updated yet and in general the
battery life is not that great but the
iowa 7 interface itself is pretty cool
and i want to show you some of my
favorite little things in iOS 7 firm
water now of course the one everyone
loves is the slide up from the bottom to
get the Settings toggle menu and you can
go ahead and toggle many things
including the flashlight on and off you
can go to your camera quickly your
calculator toggle all these things that
you would usually open up settings for
and I absolutely love it it works
perfectly for me so I have no beef with
this whatsoever I love it if you slide
down from the top you get the
notifications menu and I actually have
had a lot of trouble I mean I had Skype
open and the notifications menu just
went crazy it showed me about 86
notifications in a couple seconds and it
just sounded like my phone was dying so
I've had a couple bugs with
notifications menu a couple other things
that I do love about iOS 7 is the new
camera application if you slide it just
on the picture like this you know you
switch your settings and you can't
actually slide into the photos you have
to click down here now however I gotta
say I love how it works it's speedy see
if I go to photos and it takes photos
really really really quick I love that
and you can have the filters I haven't
seen the filters on the 4s yet for some
reason it just works on the 5 so you
know you do have the new camera
application and I gotta say almost
everything in iOS 7 interface
has been redesigned and changed I
couldn't really find anything that
looked old from the Iowa six firmware so
basically everything has been redone and
there are many nice little touches now
if you look closely at the clock
application it actually works now so
it's not set at a fixed time it actually
moves which is pretty neat a small
little thing and of course you do have
the 3d effect if you move the iPhone
like that which is pretty cool
stereoscopic 3d effects we have seen in
an earlier tweak in Cydia so that's a
nice little thing Apple did add this one
maybe a little bit hard to see but if
you scroll through messages you actually
get this nice fluid animation where the
messages go a little bit slower and they
kind of pile up against each other I
love it because it's just one of those
little touches it makes a big difference
in terms of you know intricate design
that's one of the things that I have
noticed and I was suffering that most
people don't and it's really cool so
definitely try it out if you do have aa
7 beta yes there are now video
wallpapers in iOS 7 so if you actually
you know put one on there's only a
selection of two right now hopefully
that will change in the upcoming betas
but it is pretty cool you can play
around with it a little bit by moving
your device other than that you can't
actually touch and interact with in just
a slow moving video wallpaper nothing
too exciting but you know again it's
just one of those little things in iOS 7
that makes a little different but it
looks really cool
upon 2g one of the makers of many
jailbreaks we have used in the past
actually does not like iowa 7 and hasn't
even said that he might switch over to
android which may be bad news because
he's the one that worked on last iOS 6
jailbreak and if he's gone you know that
would be bad news I do believe Iowa 7
still has a huge place in it for
jailbreaks because you will soon notice
that it is very restricted if you used
iOS 6 it's a lot like it even though you
know there are a couple new settings
menus you still would want to jailbreak
it for more functionality because it is
very limited even though there is more
functionality so guys in this video you
know I just showed you a couple of
things I liked in iOS 7 other than that
there are a few new features that I
haven't covered but most of the old ones
just have a new skin on them
much added functionalities I do hope you
liked this video guys you know I was 7
beta 2 will be coming out very soon and
I will be showing you guys how to update
to that if you are on beta 1 or not at
all so stay tuned for that have a great
day guys peace